Added more detail to README (#72)
poggit/libasynql: README.md

```

The [`\poggit\libasynql\libasynql::create()`](https://poggit.github.io/libasynql/doxygen/classpoggit_1_1libasynql_1_1libasynql.html#add1449f8fef87cc275a3d99f2440c642) method accepts 3 parameters:
- Your plugin main (basically `$this` if the code runs in onEnable())

> - The config entry where the database settings should be found (read the example from both)

Reviewer: both?

Reviewer: @Endermanbugzjfc bump

- An array for your SQL files. For each SQL dialect you are supporting, use it as the key, and use the path (or array of paths, relative to the `resources` folder) of the SQL files as the value. We are going to create them in the [next step](#creating-sql-files).

It returns a [`\poggit\libasynql\DataConnector`](https://poggit.github.io/libasynql/doxygen/interfacepoggit_1_1libasynql_1_1_data_connector.html) object, which is the main query interface. You may store this object in a property for later use, `$this->database` for example.

In case of error, a ConfigException or an SqlError will be thrown. If not caught by the plugin, this will go straight out of onEnable() and disable the plugin. **Therefore, make sure to check `isset($this->database)` before calling `$this->database->close()` in onDisable().**

### Creating SQL files
In the resources file, create one file for each SQL dialect you are supporting, e.g. `resources/sqlite.sql` and `resources/mysql.sql`.

#### Do I save the SQL files to the plugin data folder?

> No, you **don't** have to copy the SQL files to the plugin data folder (`$this->saveResource("$name.sql")`). The files are read by libasynql from the resources folder directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, you do **not** have to copy the SQL files to the plugin data folder (i.e. do **not** add `$this->saveResource("db.sql")`). The files are read by libasynql from the phar resources directly.
```

> No, you **don't** have to copy the SQL files to the plugin data folder (``$this->saveResource("$name.sql")``). The files are read by libasynql from the resources folder directly.

Reviewer: ... why double backtick again?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, you **don't** have to copy the SQL files to the plugin data folder (`$this->saveResource("$name.sql")`). The files are read by libasynql from the resources folder directly.
```
